The principles we've discussed in this lesson are
absolutely fundamental to getting the most out of a React.
Just to recap, we learned about how JSX just uses JavaScript to let us
describe the UI by creating elements instead of writing these rigid string templates.
We also learned how to encapsulate groups of elements in React components,
and how to build larger portions of the UI by composing those components together.
We also installed create React App,
and used it to get a quick start on using the latest technologies
commonly used to create a modern React application.
But React's code we use in encapsulation story gets really interesting in
the next lesson where we could talk about how each of these little components can hold,
and manage it's own state.最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6